{
  "ghostSchool": {
    "title": "Ghost Academy",
    "whyGhostHunting": "Welcome to the Ghost Academy – a place where curiosity meets knowledge. Here you can deepen your understanding of ghost hunting, discover new perspectives, and maybe awaken an interest you didn’t know you had. Whether you are a beginner or already fascinated, the goal is to spread understanding and reduce fear of the unknown.",
    "whatIsGhostHuntingTitle": "What is Ghost Hunting?",
    "whatIsGhostHuntingText": "Ghost hunting is an exciting activity where you investigate places said to have unexplained phenomena. It is a way to explore the unknown, challenge your curiosity, and maybe discover something unexpected.",

    "equipmentTitle": "Equipment to Use",
    "equipmentText": [
      "When it comes to ghost hunting, only your imagination sets the limits. You can use everything from advanced technology like EMF meters, spirit boxes, and PMBs, to simpler things like thermometers, voice recorders, balls, marbles, or even flour on the floor.",
      "Some use so-called trigger objects – items placed out to see if they are affected over time. Others prefer active equipment that reacts in real-time to sound, movement, or energy fields to create contact.",
      "If you choose to use more technical equipment, such as EMF meters or PMBs, it’s important that you understand how they work. Many tools can give false readings if used incorrectly – for example, from electronics, metal, or magnetism in the surroundings.",
      "Want to learn more about how to use different tools correctly? Check out our YouTube videos where we demonstrate how the equipment works in practice."
    ],

    "methodsTitle": "How to Proceed",
    "methodsText": [
      "<strong>Do your research:</strong> Start by reading about the place's history and past events. Many skip this step, but we believe it can make ghost hunting much more rewarding. The information you find can create interesting connections to what you experience during the hunt – and give deeper understanding of the place’s story.",
      "<strong>Be respectful:</strong> Move carefully and show consideration – both for people and any spirits. Our experience shows that a respectful approach often leads to better results. Also remember that the place you visit almost always has an owner today, and their permission and privacy must always be respected. Imagine someone coming to your home and behaving badly – that rarely causes a positive response, whether it’s towards the living or something beyond.",
      "<strong>Investigate in darkness:</strong> Many experiences become clearer in silence and darkness. Since humans rely primarily on sight – and the chance to actually see something during ghost hunting is quite small – we need to sharpen our other senses instead. In darkness, hearing, touch, and even smell play a larger role, which can help us perceive subtle changes in the surroundings.",
      "<strong>Document:</strong> Write down, record, and review everything you experience to find patterns or possible evidence. It’s easy to feel like nothing happens during a ghost hunt, but when you document carefully, you often realize afterward that a lot actually did happen. Also, you don’t want to risk missing a really cool experience – sometimes things are captured on recorded material that you completely missed in the moment. If you plan to share your results – both photos and videos – on social media or other public channels, remember not to publish material that could be sensitive.",
      "<strong>Think about safety:</strong> Never ghost hunt alone. It’s always safer to be at least two people, both to support each other and to handle unexpected situations. If you explore abandoned places – always inform someone outside of where you are. Old buildings can have unstable floors, broken stairs, or other hazards that are hard to see in the dark.",
      "<strong>Stay calm and never run:</strong> If you get scared, it’s natural to want to run away – but it’s important to avoid this, especially since it’s often dark and many places have stairs or uneven floors. There may also be trigger objects like marbles or other items placed on the floor that you might accidentally step on or knock over. Moving calmly and carefully reduces the risk of accidents and helps you keep control. Remember, it’s always okay to stop the ghost hunt if you feel overwhelmed – your safety and well-being always come first."
    ],

    "ethicsTitle": "Last but not least",
    "ethicsText": [
      "Respect is fundamental – for the place, its history, current owners, and any spirits.",
      "Avoid provoking. The aim is to understand, not to confront.",
      "Do not share sensitive material without permission.",
      "If you ghost hunt with others – which we recommend – agree on common guidelines before you start. This prolongs the opportunity to investigate together and reduces the risk of conflicts within the team."
    ]
  }
}
